nobody is surprised let's see what
nobody is surprised that no
mentally ill person is talking about that in
a couple of days Ricky Eddy faces
prison for gender violence guys
let's see this is something that
drives me crazy
this is more or
less 30 hours more or
less until Ricky eddy has to
sit down and testify before the
judge for a gender violence complaint
that his ex Lali Ricky
Ed has made against him I mean we're not talking about a
Random who says your Javi we're not interested in
Peppa no no Ricky
edit Ricky edit Where are the
videos not a channel not a ni not
these twit accounts nothing but let's
see let's see let's go when do I have to
go to a trial for honor for the right
to the honor of these civilians who fine you
for
insulting they analyze the clothes I
wear in court if I put my
hands behind my back if I had rings on my
hands the date of the
previous hearing the date on which it comes out I don't know I don't know
everything from Dallas and I'll tell you
Not from but let's  let's see It's that I or so
this why is it that we are not like very
aware of all the
legal procedures of the
youtubers No, the procedure is not serious It's that
I In fact I can't stop
seeing people around Ricky Edi, my
mother challenging me
So I, I don't understand I mean
we are not like
very aware of this type of
Procedures or what the movement is like and
then that this does not come out in the press it drives me
crazy but yes but if they
put me in the press for a trial of
insults No it is not relevant Ricky edie I
mean how is the movement How is the thing,
live broadcasts have been opened today that
the extra has had his
Twitter closed Live broadcasts of serene have been opened,
of serene and twit About serene how many
tweets were there from
serene how the hell is there a very
famous and super
popular youtuber accused of
gender violence and there is not a single video not a single video
on a YouTube channel that you say well at
least comment on it nothing
nothing absolutely nothing
if Pablo is the lawyer I doubt he will win
Ali Yes that's what they said  that's what
Joan Plana said Look, Joan Plana had a
lawyer who is the lawyer
[Music]
of is the lawyer of the
TV stars of Sálvame and all that stuff
no because he had won many lawsuits
against the TV people no I mean he had
won many lawsuits against Sálvame he
won many lawsuits
not this law firm aum which by the
way we still also need to
clarify What happened with the website
when they said that Wismichu had a
conviction that they had won a conviction
Win Michu that has not been clarified yet it
never stayed like there this firm charges you
easily well I don't know
but I think
less than s or for the first instance and
then all the resources or less than
15000 per procedure a host of prestige
eh I mean he is the lawyer of
Jesus Lindu Brique Campanario the daughter
Raquel
Boyo I think she also took something to
Cristiano Ronaldo
because Pablo Franco has won The
ecstasy is worth the one who did not go Of course he
went with Pablo Franco he is not going to win that I have I do
n't know if  15 or 20 tweets from Johan
Planas saying that with Pablo Franco if he
's the one wearing it he's screwed boom Pablo
Franco He paints your
face Okay then
Ultimately I don't understand why
this information is not of interest because what I'm
thinking is that people and the rest of the
channels are not interested in current events or
procedures, that is, videos of the
Pambi lawsuit, the Macr lawsuit against
Pambi before it existed a year
before, almost weekly videos and video
of the Mead lawsuit about Pambi and now they've
filed a complaint that is a
[ __ ] shitty
complaint, that is, I mean, these are things that I don't understand,
so we are interested in informing
or we are not interested in
informing, are we aware of the
causes or are we not simply a
campaign depending on who, not
literally, they put it on, they spend their time
talking pure [ __ ] when there's a
youtuber like this guy accused of nothing,
talk curious,
man, the other day in a space that we're going to
review now, okay, they told me this Electra
Electra, what topic is it that I don't
deal with about Dallas, there are many topics that you
about Dallas, for example, with the  the panic
Coin you dealt with it very superficially and and such
because well you have the right to
deal with issues as you want eh
to support whoever you want and to talk
about whatever you want that's why I don't understand
the question to Lucas or rather talk about
whatever you want topic which topic For example
I didn't deal with I'm telling you that the
panic Coin issue you dealt with it very
superficially very
superficially Okay you dealt with this but you
defended it or you whitewashed it like you
call me a whitewasher I mean you've
gone from I skip over issues that don't
interest me to you skipped over it very
superficially to you dealt with it
but but you have a question I
understand that you have many years in
this debates and gossip And such But
my God what a way let's see the extra are
here as a witness tomy is as a
witness
enter has said that he has said that I
skip has said that I skip Dallas I'm
going to give you no Enter in a loop this what I
said It's false okay Does it seem to you
But and so we were debating okay I
have uploaded the extracts these two
extracts  I uploaded it to Twitter because I
find it incredible, no, in the end they
end up crying but like
How many live streams do you know, I mean how many
videos How many live streams
and How much, how much content have
you guys seen both on Twitter and YouTube
with the mantras if Dallas says it It will be
for something that I am supposed to have said it
with the interpretation that they
give it no when Dallas looks bad you do not address
the issue Calling Dallas an abuser is
an opinion he defends himself against everything and
now we have Ricky Eddie accused of
a crime that he admitted to having
committed or that at least they could
report him and there is not a single [ __ ] news item
or a [ __ ] video or a [ __ ] anything or a
[ __ ] extract or rather
nothing so I am Dallas's dog
Oh well
Hi family as you have already seen in the
title a very hot video was seen And the fact
is that we are talking about a youtuber
who is not what people paint him It all
starts with a boy and a girl who have
known each other Since they were young he is from the south and
she is from the North but they connect and start
dating together years go by he becomes
youtuber moves to Andorra and they end up dating
he would put her in his
videos she would publish certain tweets
super based And then she was super
accepted by her community by his
community all that seemed
perfect but it wasn't insult
aggressiveness threat she lacked nothing
but everything has an end and she got
tired of keeping quiet and has decided to
report this complaint has been filed in
the court of violence against women
in Zaragoza I imagine you already know
who I'm talking about we're talking about Lali and
her complaint against Ricky edit she already said it
recently specifically in this
video and I would love to be able to say things
but then there are a lot of legal things
going on and well even the legal things
[Music]
legal things come first The legal thing comes first and then we'll
see And what does that complaint say Well what
that Complaint says is how he
treated her both inside and outside the home
at the beginning of an abusive relationship
everything starts in a very subtle way in such a
way that the girl doesn't realize and
this has been one of the cases since at
first Ricky started with insults
making her feel like she was worthless and
that  was nothing without him then they began to
see certain insults and notice that if
the manipulator Ricky who made him delete
conversations from Telegram, Discord, and
WhatsApp but well, not everything has
gone so well for him and some have been left out
there It's good that in any case he
was not an evil genius because you can see in
what head it fits that you admit to a
vice that you have committed a crime, that is to
say that you check Ali's mobile and on
top of everything you make it public the case
that you are not especially careful with
that type of detail and well as you have
seen the authentic face of
Ricky edie the same one who calls
Javi a psychopath alas perro who says how he has to
treat a couple and of course
the Ricky case do you remember the photo at
the ibai evening where Ricky appears
with Lali Well Ricky edit did not
want to take Lali to his events
because he thought she was a burden for him
since Lali is shy in the video of the
truth we can kiss shar Pink 10
members of shar Pink kids kids  even if it's been a
while since they didn't give us 10
members What's going on What's
going on we're not in shape eh this
this is no longer the salseria it always was
eh a round of applause the whole chat for shar
Pink that Riy is always talking and
Lali as soon as she makes a mention it's short because
of Ricky it seems that he has some control
over her also Ricky mentions that he
locked himself in the bathroom to hit himself that
's true she admits it what's
going to happen now well the first thing they're going
to summon Ricky to go to the court in
Zaragoza to testify he can refuse to go
and if he doesn't go the court will present
a restraining order or a
search warrant so that as soon as he
sets foot in Spain he has been taken to
testify well Ricky ricki ricki rique
son Ricky Rick
son kept everything and put him to see
I want to see what he said about the
subject Thanks for the super chat I
really appreciate it but that doesn't exist eh the
only thing that exists remotely similar to
that is airtags and a tax you
can't hide it on a dog or whatever  Look
how ridiculous this matter is, eh, look,
this is very strong, this is
really very strong. I mean, I
get a kiss, caela, before a news story about
Ricky Martin, you declared Thursday for
alleged domestic violence, I didn't know
this, eh, I didn't know that Ricky mar had been
reported for
domestic violence but literally, what do you think?
eh Nothing better than poetic justice, a
big fan of her, I deliver it when
possible, the clown deserves jail. I
think he's disgusting, also, nonon, he tells you
handsome, big kiss.
Thank you so much, he's here, very handsome, precious.
Thank you so much, kiss.
The truth is, I don't think he'll go to
jail, but Andorra has to kick him out.
Why are we [ __ ] on someone? I don't think he'll go to
jail, I think
Andorra will kick him out. eh. Ha. Greetings,
tacito, less than three, big kiss,
sabri. How are you, gorgeous? I send you a
huge kiss, priosa. Thank you so much
for being here, I send you a huge kiss.
How's everything, how are you? I hope you're super
well. Big kiss, precious. And
thank you so much, kiss.  huge
Thank you so much for being here How was
your day eh Yeah yeah Well the thing is that this
case is another level of ridiculousness I mean it's
an inhuman level of ridiculousness that
represents and projects the falsehood of
all the pathetic streamers it's Inc oh
nice how about I can't wait to see
Rook pull out the I've seen you card the
support to the judge to get out of prison
literal fire I swear eh pig I
swear pig it's so good I swear It
's that this guy maybe and he
really thinks that he can lie to the judge the
same lies that he lies to his
11 year old children I swear Maybe he
really thinks that he can lie to the judge the
same level of lies maybe maybe maybe
eh maybe he thinks about it maybe he
thinks about it it's that it's really incredible No
maybe he's going to tell the judge is that
Mr. Judge my ex-girlfriend has olifans Oh he
's already acquitted don't worry
acquitted I swear as soon as I mean I
doubt the guy will step foot  if he goes to prison I would be
surprised if he went to prison or
maybe he does who knows I mean this is
something you can never know not the same
if they sentence him to prison in the
end it only has to be a
sentence of more than 2 years for him to go to
prison and it could happen because in the
end he is facing some crimes eh
Just the crime that he committed of watching his
cell phone and revealing that
information afterwards eh I think it was
up to 10 years in prison which is very rare
to sentence to 10 years in prison the truth
but it could be more than 2 years if we
start adding up the different
crimes I think it will be something like I do
n't know I don't like to make predictions about
this because now ok and we look like
clowns if I'm not right they start
throwing it in my face as if this were
a betting game you know but man I think you've got
it screwed eh idiot
Thank you very much A kiss a big kiss 13 great chat we've already had eh yes
yes we get to 50 we'll see
a little more of Chrisan meows a
kiss but at least at least
e How great you are  my Javi Oliveira ole
your live shows and your videos with that
Andalusian touch kiss he
should be expelled from Andorra eh he
should be immediately expelled
from Andorra that should be the reality
of the case and the PR I think that the reality
will be something like a sentence for some I
think it may not even be a sentence
to months in prison I think it could be
a sentence to a fine it's that I don't know the
severity of the things that I don't
know I don't know the truth I don't know the things the
things that I don't know I don't know how serious it
will be But well
HM man if they condemn him even if it's a
fine from Andorra they'll throw him out that's clear that's
clear no but well that's it and
this topic is not talked about not even a
video or Ricky in Zaragoza nothing nothing about
this topic nothing and the current thing to debate
and to release videos is Oliveta the
confidentiality contracts of the Dallas
Andre Boom eh miare who has broken the
silence again okay And although they
filed the case I don't even know the times we
still have doubts Cesar a kiss Thank you
very much boy Hey let's go see
Cristian or what do you guys send  Eh
okay and what and what the and what d has thrown
a mother with that his name is like him that
very shady that okay or so Those are the
current topics Those are the topics and chicken and
chicken the topic of Ricky Well it seems that no, no,
no, it is not that current no